So the woman your dad can't forget
Could it be my mom?
It's no use guessing
Tomorrow, I will cooperate with my mother's acting process first
Go to the old house and go to my dad's study
See if there are any clues
Well, let me tell you something.
We have now received the certificate.
Even if you go on a blind date
What is more beautiful to meet?
Better home
You have no chance
fool
If you like to be more beautiful than you and have a better family than you
It won't wait from three years ago to now
Vice President?
I didn't expect us to be like this again
Why are you here to replace the vice president on a blind date?
Since we all know
So let's get straight to the point.
You want money I can give you money
But marriage is impossible
Tell him when you see my mom
I don't like married people
What married?
You are the real vice president